Create microservice for multisignature pool - Closes #159 (#707)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: services/newsfeed/README.md

# Lisk Service Newsfeed

> The news feed service is a one-purpose microservice that polls the content sharing platforms and shares collected data with UI clients such as Lisk Desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Newsfeed service is a single-purpose microservice that polls the content sharing platforms and shares collected data with UI clients such as Lisk Desktop
```
